And the next section we're all going to be building and it's going to be current project section.
Now on the first glance it actually looks very simple when we already have done this multiple times.
Now the difference over here is why I made this technically so simple because I wanted to show you how
we can get a magnifica pop up which is going to be a gallery.
Right so I can see that as I click on the image there's a gallery over here right and over here this
is the Zoom in effect right.
So I made the section easy right because I didn't want to overly confuse you right by actually building
some kind of section with some kind of layouts with some kind of I don't know like transition effect.
Right and then lose the actual the main point of actually how to insert Gowri Once you're going to know
how to work with the gallery.
You can make a section as complicated as you would want.
So here again this is going to be on google.
We're going to be using actually later right.
We would want to go is actually to next HD now on here and maybe let's just make it a little bit more
condensed so actually see what we're doing here right.
This is going to be the end or year of section right.
You can see that we can go back over here and of about you know here we're going to say the current
section and then call it current project or current projects section here.
Let's select a line up in page to line.
We're going to see.
And of course in Project section then I'll do that.
As always we would want a section.
So I'm going to say section right here press on here hash tag and say current price tab all.
Here again we would want a title.
So we're going to go back over here and the closest title is going to be on here.
So we're going to select this on here when we're going to say is that this is going to be a copy paste
and over here would you want the image here.
So the phantasm is going to be image.
Then after that we're going write current projects so we're going to say our current projects here and
then after that we would want to start working with a actual count.
So at the end of title we're going to have a div with a hash tag and we're going to say corrent and
we're going to say Center this.
Then after that we're going to have a bunch of articles.
So here I'm going to say this is going to be article and I'm going to give it a class and I'm going
to say this is going to be current item.
So this is going to be current and I'm class press time.
Now we have article and within the article we're actually going to place a link and we're going to place
the image within the link.
And again we're going to see why we're doing that.
That one's really going to start working with a magnetic pop up.
Right.
But what we would want is a link here then for DHEA if we're going to actually use the image that we're
going to be placing or hear or read.
So I'm going to say here measures.
And since I'm going to be having a current project current project one more here this is going to be
my image.
And now within this link We're going to have image and order.
This is going to match.
So I'm going to say images and current projects.
All right.
So again these two are here and then I'm going to say current project here now that I have this right
what I would want is some more articles like this.
All right so one two three four five six right here.
Just remember to actually change these values.
All right.
So for the link project one that this obviously needs to match.
So here I'm going to say this is going to be let's say or here these two.
Right.
This is going to be actually number two then we're here for this is going to say this is going to be
number three then over here this is going to be actually number four here.
This is going to be number four then we're going to go back because I didn't want to upload 80 images
wisdom to say three over here.
And again we're going to place a two on them all here.
So this is going to be for and this is going to be two and the last one we're going to leave it as one.
All right so we went all the way one to four and then we went back just changed around a little bit
over here and that's pretty much a set up for the HMO.
All right.
So what we can do here can go actually we can save this here and we can actually start working with
them.
All right.
So what I'm going to say here is that this is going to be the main success.
We're going to go all the way and the bottom line to create a comment when I say Place a bunch of hashtags
again and I say corrent again a bunch of hashtags I know we're here we're going to say is we're going
to start with a current title.
So corrent and we're going to say class title.
All right so first we would want to start dealing with this title and what we're going to say with the
title is we want a little bit more margin some séverine margin for the pixels.
And I would say zero on this.
Then after that we would want to start working with the actual item.
Right.
But let's before we do that let's actually work with an image.
So I'm going to say corrent him and I'm going to say image I don't want here I'm going to say like there's
this play block like this and I'm going to say with and with is going to be 100 percent like this then
opacity was going to set it as one as one over here.
However we're going at a transition transition here we're going to say is Bachardy two seconds is on
here.
Now that we have this it's actually had a hover effect.
So corrent I had him image over here.
So as we hovering what should happen.
So we're going to say that Abbasid is going to be 0.5.
So sorry 0.5 I guess.
All right.
So again as we're going to be hovering is going to be very simple the Apache is going to be changing.
Right so you can see that as I'm hovering what's happening now what I would want to do is actually for
the current item remember the parent thread.
So we had a current item then we had the link then we had an image.
And so for now the past is changing for the image we're going to go back over here and said This is
a background of linear grading.
So going around over here current current and say item item here and what we're going to right over
here this is going to be a background and I'm going to say will be near gradient along this and this
is going to be OUR be going here.
So we're going to use a two fifty five 2 0 1 and 20.
And like I said we can use whatever colors we would want.
All right.
So again we're here we're just using an R G B again the same thing 2:55.
Then we have two and one.
And then on here this going to be 20.
So now once we have this we can just say it and you can see what happens.
Right.
Once we had all heard his background you can see that as the opacity changes actually we have a yellow
background.
Once we were done with this.
Now let's add responsiveness.
And in the next video can actually add magnifica pop up box.
So first things first I'm going to say here that let's let's just say it.
And again we have few options what to look at we can look at.
All right.
So you can see that everything is working just the images are really big.
Right so we obviously need to do some kind of styling here.
Right.
So we're going to do when we're here is going to have a year media and now we're going to say screen
rear end or you are going to see men with and with so many men with one that is going to happen so I'm
going to say 576 pixels here and then we're going to have a corrent current and we're going to say Center.
Let's just check whether the actual class matches or that was an ID.
Right.
That's correct.
It's going to be an entity.
So if we're going to go back on here to say current Center and over here then we're going to say like
this.
Right.
So first of all in this play and we're going to say flex really miss so let's save it and let's see
whether something changes.
Right now I can see that we have one big line over here.
These images.
Now the next thing that I would want to do once actually display flex on here I'm going to say a justified
content space between then after that we're going to see a flex wrap and we're going to say wrap around
here and then we're going to have the actual worth of an item.
So again let's make it a longer room more here and we're going to say corrent I got him here.
And what would that mean for the current data.
We're going to say flex 0 0 50 percent.
All right so starting from the small screen this is going to be 50 percent say this year and we can
refresh no here now we have a 50 percent.
Now obviously for the bigger screen we would want a fourth the size right.
So this is very straightforward.
Can you just copy and paste needs to realize this.
And here we're going to say that this is going to be a size of nine to nine and two then after that
all these things stay the same.
Right.
Because we already send them on here with these rules so let's get this guy.
Know he read 25 25 or here.
So we're saying this now we should get a fourth to screen.
Right.
And sure enough this is going to be our fourth of the screen.
And now let's go ahead let's actually comment this out and let's do the same thing just with the grid.
So we're here all of them saying this is going to be a grid instead.
So again media screen here and I'm saying and I know here you say men with with here.
Same thing 576 pixels.
And I would say we maybe could have commented out over here and leave the media screen.
I don't know whether that would really save a bunch of time but we definitely could have done that.
Right.
Here we're going to we're going to stay current and we're going to say Center on first things first
of all going to say this play and we're going to say great here once we have the actual grid when you
say grid template and template columns are going to say repeat like this.
All right so we're going to have a repeat and repeat.
Is going to be for two.
So two of them I know here one fraction we can write it like this or we could have just written on here
like this one.
Fraction one fraction right.
So basically we're saying you want two columns.
And both of them should be one fraction.
No.
Here we can do is just copy and paste this one here.
Let's say that this is going to be 9 9 2 No here.
Now let's use the actual repeat.
Right.
So again we can get rid of the grid.
That's not what we care about here.
All we want is repeat function here.
Let's say four times and one fraction.
That's right.
So let's save this and let's go back over here.
And now you can see what we have right.
We have everything still working the same way.
Right now I can see that as I'm hovering it is showing as a link.
All right.
And if I press it I actually go to where the actual image is located.
But that's not what we want.
Right.
In the next video we're actually going to place more here our magnifique pop up.
So we have the actual responsive gallery.